Virgil-"Hey, hey buddy. Wake up."
Virgil- "Come on dude, just wake the fuck up."
Homer- "Okay... chill out. What do you even want?"
Homer- "Jeeze, Virgil."
Virgil-"You see that ocean out there? Huh? And you see this disgusting island of trash we're stuck on here? Huh?"
Homer- "Yeah I see it."
Virgil- "A storm swept through last night and absolutely wrecked everything we had going here!"
Virgil- "We've gotta rebuild."
Homer- "You've got to be freaking kidding me!"
Virgil- "With my GMO brains and your city brawn, we can figure it out."
Virgil- "And maybe build a nice place to live."
Virgil- "Okay guy. Ya ready?"
Homer- "Sure."
Virgil- "Well, Homer, listen up to what I've gotta say. It's important."
Virgil- "Just like. Circle your rat paw around the trash that floats up until you freaking grab it."
Homer- "Ugh. Lost it."
Virgil- "Didn't strike your fancy?"
Homer- "Eh."
Homer- "I never trust the weather around here."
Virgil- "Oh it's starting to look a little stormy. Huh."
Homer- "Did I hear a rumble in the distance?"
Virgil- "Are you prepared to get enviornmentally wrecked in like. Ten minutes?"
Homer- "Here comes the storm. It's time to be wiped off the map."
Virgil- "Our oceans are being littered in disposable trendy plasticware."
Homer- "The better to build my home with."
Virgil- "I've been waiting for a while to do this. Like a good five minutes. Homer, will you marry me?"
Homer- "Once my trash home is finished, of course."
Virgil- "Our trash home."
Homer- "Potentially."
Virgil- "Perfect to bang out a beat on. Reverberate a metal jam with."
Homer- "Or prefarably to use as a roof."
Homer- "Every house needs strong supports."
Virgil- "Another building block to our trash home"
Homer- "My trash home."
Virgil- "Okay, capitalist."
Virgil- "The extra E stands for Erotic."
Virgil- "Oh thank god. I haven't exfoliated in ages."
Virgil- "Too bad we can't read, eh?" the message is like, "the russians are inserting plutonium into the anuses of the adversary."
Virgil- "Only the most natural of lighting. Chemiluminescence."
Homer- "What does that word even mean?"
Virgil- "Doesn't matter. Just put it in your house."
Homer- "Too bad I'm vegan"
Virgil- "Are you?"
Virgil- "No you aren't. That's a lie. Eat the sardines, wussy."
Virgil- "I once gnawed through the autobody of a Toyota Tacoma. These tiny circuts stand narry a chance against my rat incisors."
*Squeak Squeak*
Virgil-"Oh wow, now that was harsh. Almost sounded like you."
Homer- "You're a little cuck."
Virgil- "Hehehe look at this."
Virgil- "Hurr durr I'm a human. Taxes! Cubism!"

